Content for notification severity (#950)
novuhq/docs: content/docs/platform/workflow/build-a-workflow.mdx

- **Enum**: Add choices, which are a list of predefined, allowed values. This restricts the field to only those values.
- **Array**: Select the Array item type, which defines the data type of each array element.
- **Object**: Add nested properties, each with their own type, required status, and validation options.

## Notification severity

Notification severity lets you classify worfklows based on their importance level. Each workflow can be assigned one of four severity levels:
- **High**: Indicates a critical notification. Applies a red hue to the notification and the bell icon.
- **Medium**: For important, but not critical, notifications. Applies an orange hue.
- **Low**: For general or informational messages. By default, it has no color, but it can be styled.
- **None**: The default level for all new and existing workflows.

### Setting a severity level
You can set the severity for any workflow directly from the Novu dashboard.

1. From the **Workflows** page, open the workflow you want to configure, or create a new one.

> 2. In the workflow editor, go to the **Configure workflow** section and select **Configure channel preferences**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the workflow editor, go to the **Configure workflow** section and then select **Configure channel preferences**.
```

   ![](/images/workflows/notification-workflows/configure-notification-severity.png)

> 3. Choose the desired severity level option from the **Notification severity** dropdown menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose the desired severity level option from the **Notification severity** list.
```
